So here is a rum tool,
this is request metrics, and
this is some data about requestmetrics.com
over the last 72 hours.
So, this kind of combines
some of the high-level view,
the kind of data you might get from CrUX,
but more details more actionable.
Because I could say, look at this data,
which is here's my LCP and
my CLS and my INP,
here's my data over time, and
it highlights what the P75 is and
a full range of scores.
But being that I own this data, and I have
every single data point, I can filter it,
I could zoom in.
I could say, but
I only care about maybe the United States,
and only tell me about people who
are on fast broadband connections,
and now I can filter all
of my data down to that.
So, if my target customer,
the person who I care about, in terms of,
selling something to was in the United
States on these kinds of connections,
now I have this particular view of
here's what their Core Web Vitals are.
Or for example, if I wanna see what
somebody has who maybe they're in the USA,
but they're on a slow cellular connection,
how bad does it get,
now I'm filtered down
to that point of view.
So, I can do all kinds of pivoting
of this data when you control it,
when you own the data, you can slice and
dice it in a lot of more interesting ways.
You can also dig in on it in ways
that you can't do with CrUX,
for example, if I wanna look
into largest Contentful Paint,
I can look at all of that data,
and I can break it down by URL.
So, here's the LCP of
the speed check tool,
this is the URL of the speed check tool.
I can drill in and say, show me
everybody who goes to speed check and
then what is the LCP element
that most people run into?
And so, I can troubleshoot in aggregate
what a particular user is doing.
And we can drill all the way down to
an individual request which is way
more specific than what you'd
ever be able to get with CrUX,
because that's all anonymous, and
you don't get those sorts of details.
It's like having web page test for
every single request of
every user on your website.
Because now I can drill in and
say, hey, this particular user
who was measuring markmooning.com
came in on Chrome Unix,
Chrome on Linux from Kenya,
and here was their timeline.
Here's how long DNS time took,
SSL, client time,
here's every resource they asked for
the CSS files.
Here's where Largest Contentful Paint
happened, what element it was,
and we can even analyze it
to say what's the element,
what image was being requested,
what are the headers on this image.
We can get all these
very low-level details,
when you have access to RUM
data from your own website.
Now this is an example from Request
Metrics, which is the tool I build, but
lots of other RUM tools will
have similar capability.
I think this is the best, but
I am probably biased in my decision.
>> Todd Gardner: Yeah, that's all
the stuff I wanted to talk about.
>> Speaker 2: Do you have any opinions
around the enterprise tool with money no
object which enterprise tool is the best?
>> Todd Gardner: I mean if money
is no object, it's Akamai mPulse,
so Akamai is the largest CDN in the world,
right?
So, if you want your
content to go super-fast,
that's what all the biggest players do,
like Amazon will use Akamai.
mPulse is the company behind where
kind of real user monitoring
started a lot of the people
involved in that are on the W3C and
set the standards for
what these things should be.
The agent that they wrote at Akamai is
called Boomerang and its open source,
and it's what everybody else uses.
Not everybody, but Dynatrace and Datadog,
they both just use Boomerang under
the covers, so May as well use that one.
For my money, again, if money's no option,
if money's no object,
that's where you go, questions?
>> Speaker 3: Yeah, so for the tool you
just showed us, so setting that up,
I would assume the app that you had that's
public that you wanna record data with,
I'm assuming you install some sort
of package and then, all right.
-
>> Todd Gardner: Yep, it doesn't
even have to be public, this could
be on your private Internet site.
Let's say you have a site that people
have to log in to use, that's fine.
As long as the end user, the people
visiting your site have internet
access to send the data to the RUM tool.
Whether that's hosted on your data center,
hosted at Akamai or hosted in request
metrics, as long as that user can send
the data there, the site could be private.
The site could be like locked down, so
you can capture RUM data from localhost
just as well as anything else.
It's about installing the agent, which is
usually a wrapper around with a bunch of
other stuff around performance observer.
Then has other secret sauce
in it about what it does and
then sends that data back to
a reporting service somewhere.
>> Speaker 3: And
then just a quick other question,
the first tool you showed us that you
built, that's not request metrics,
is that open source or is it possible to
see the code for that or is that private?
>> Todd Gardner: The speed check tool?
>> Speaker 3: Yes.
>> Todd Gardner: It is not open source
because it actually just uses some
request metrics logic under the covers.
But like the code for
that is not complicated,
it just uses the CrUX API like http API
to make some calls and fetch some data.
And then the part that's
not open sourceable is
that it uses all of our
same rendering logic.
So, there's a bunch of work went
into how we render these charts
that we didn't open source because
we think it's cool and I don't know.
And so, we take that data from CrUX and we
pipe it through our rendering engine and
that part's like closed source.
>> Todd Gardner: Yeah.
>> Speaker 4: You have a custom metric,
would it render in another grades
wouldn't be produced in the same way,
but could you render custom?
>> Todd Gardner: Yeah, absolutely, so
CrUX obviously doesn't know about your
custom metrics, it can't capture that.
A RUM tool totally knows
about your custom metrics.
Now, you can do it in a couple of
different ways, if you use the platform,
like you use the performance API to
create a custom measure through that API.
Then request metrics and a lot of
other RUM tools will just discover it
automatically, because there'll
be something on the system.
If you use a different mechanism,
you usually have to tell your RUM tool
about it through some sort of JavaScript,
SDK.
In the request metrics case,
it would be like, RUM.send event, and
you'd send us some specific information.
How you would do that in different RUM
tools will vary based on what their
capabilities are.
So, that was request metrics,
one example of a RUM tool and
the kind of data that you can get.
If you're really serious about
web performance of your site,
you should definitely have access
to a RUM tool of some kind.
You can capture the data yourself and
build in your own reporting system, or
you can buy one of these
tools that's available.
I think you should buy request metrics,
but I might be biased, regardless,
you should have something.
That was testing and tools,
we talked about all the common
ways you can gather this data.
The tools you will use in
terms of web performance,
the kind of things that people share,
the things that you should know about.